Scopus treats as Conf Proceedings; while WoS treats as published Book Section. More data associated with Book section citation than Conf Proceedings. 
Book section citation has page numbers
BOOK: Camparo, J., et al. (2016). Characterization & Consequences of GPS Rb Clock Lamplight Variations. 2016 IEEE International Frequency Control Symposium. New York, Ieee: 157-160.
	In the rubidium atomic frequency standard (RAFS), an rf-discharge lamp produces the device's atomic signal. As a consequence of the light-shift effect, variations in the lamplight's intensity result in variations in the RAFS' output frequency. While the basic physics of the light-shift is reasonably well understood, its operational implications for GNSS performance are only beginning to be fully appreciated. Here, we summarize results examining decade-long histories of on-orbit GPS RAFS lamplight variations. In addition to a deterministic variation that is well modeled by the sum of an exponential and linear trend, the stochastic variations appear to be of three types: lamplight jumps, repeating lamplight ramps, and non-stationary lamplight noise. Employing an estimated GPS RAFS light-shift coefficient, these variations can be used to infer lamplight-induced RAFS frequency variations.

But for 30th European Frequency and Time Forum, EFTF 2016 (Scopus); Scopus has more detail, has DOI
Formichella, V., et al. (2016). Light-shift coefficient in GPS rubidium clocks: Estimation methods using lamplight/frequency correlations. 30th European Frequency and Time Forum, EFTF 2016, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Inc.
	The frequency of the Rubidium Atomic Frequency Standard (RAFS) used in Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS) is affected by the light-shift effect, due to the opticalpumping light from the RAFS' rf-discharge lamp. As a consequence, lamplight intensity variations can induce RAFS output frequency variations, with lamplight stability setting a lower bound to RAFS frequency stability (i.e., to the eventual navigation performance of the GNSS). We study this effect by estimating the light-shift coefficient of an on-orbit RAFS and its possible variation in time using two different methods: the first makes use of large observed frequency jumps that are induced by lamplight jumps; the second uses the linear correlation between deterministic frequency and lamplight variations. We validate the methodology using GPS Block IIR RAFS data and present some preliminary results. © 2016 IEEE.
	
Ditto SPIE proceedings. Hall, J. L., et al. (2016). Mako airborne thermal infrared imaging spectrometer - performance update. Imaging Spectrometry Xxi. J. F. Silny and E. J. Ientilucci. Bellingham, Spie-Int Soc Optical Engineering. 9976.
	The Aerospace Corporation's sensitive Mako thermal infrared imaging spectrometer, which operates between 7.6 and 13.2 microns at a spectral sampling of 44 nm, and flies in a DeHavilland DHC-6 Twin Otter, has undergone significant changes over the past year that have greatly increased its performance. A comprehensive overhaul of its electronics has enabled frame rates up to 3255 Hz and noise reductions bringing it close to background-limited. A replacement diffraction grating whose peak efficiency was tuned to shorter wavelength, coupled with new AR coatings on certain key optics, has improved the performance at the short wavelength end by a factor of 3, resulting in better sensitivity for methane detection, for example. The faster frame rate has expanded the variety of different scan schemes that are possible, including multi-look scans in which even sizeable target areas can be scanned multiple times during a single overpass. Off-nadir scanning to +/- 56.4 degrees degrees has also been demonstrated, providing an area scan rate of 33 km(2)/minute for a 2-meter ground sampling distance (GSD) at nadir. The sensor achieves a Noise Equivalent Spectral Radiance (NESR) of better than 0.6 microflicks (mu f, 10(-6)W/sr/cm(2)/mu m) in each of the 128 spectral channels for a typical airborne dataset in which 4 frames are co-added. An additional improvement is the integration of a new commercial 3D stabilization mount which is significantly better at compensating for aircraft motions and thereby maintains scan performance under quite turbulent flying conditions. The new sensor performance and capabilities are illustrated.
ditto Kenderian, S., et al. (2016). Bond quality inspection for nonhomogeneous highly attenuating heat shield blocks. 3rd IEEE International Workshop on Metrology for Aerospace, MetroAeroSpace 2016, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Inc.
	A NASA effort is underway to develop a nondestructive inspection method to evaluate the bonding condition for heat shield blocks that are bonded to a composite substrate. The initial effort is reported in this paper. The goal is to demonstrate a proof of concept for a reliable detection method using a single-sided scan capability applied from the outside of the heat shield blocks. Two representative samples with known defects are made available for the initial proof of concept; the results of one sample are reported here. The two specimens had been scanned using various nondestructive testing methods including immersion ultrasound, handheld ultrasound, air-coupled ultrasound, microwave, Terahertz, computed radiography, and shearography. These efforts were performed by industry experts and academia. All were limited in their detectability of the known flawed regions in the specimens and suffered high levels of uncertainty in the good regions. Most nondestructive evaluation methods are sensitive to detecting changes in the material property. This means that an air pocket is easy to detect in an unbounded interface but when the air pocket is absent and the two surfaces are in intimate contact (kissing bond) most methods fails to detect the difference. Electromagnetic methods (radiography, thermography, microwave, Terahertz) will not detect a change in material property. Shearography is not successful in attempting to detect changes in stiffness through the highly damping thick heat shield layer. As a mechanical wave, ultrasound is the primary method that may be able to detect a kissing bond. However, it was quickly recognized that ultrasound has to overcome a number of difficult challenges related to the nonhomogeneous and highly damping nature of the thermal shield material. Inhomogeneity causes pronounced changes in signal strength that make the distinction between good and bad areas very difficult. At the same time, scatter and attenuation become detrimental to high frequency ultrasonic signals, which are necessary to resolve echoes returning from the bond line. Conversely, low frequency sound waves provide poor spatial and temporal resolution due to the broader wavelengths associated with the signal. © 2016 IEEE.

	






